Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
I ate a clock yesterday, it was very time-consuming.
Did you hear about the thief who stole a calendar? He got twelve months.
I woke up this morning and forgot which side the sun rises from, then it dawned on me.
Velcro—what a rip-off!
I hate Russian dolls, they’re so full of themselves.
A lot of people cry when they cut onions. The trick is not to form an emotional bond.
I wrote a song about a tortilla. Well actually, it’s more of a wrap.
I told my wife she was drawing her eyebrows too high. She looked surprised.
Parallel lines have so much in common. It’s a shame they’ll never meet.
My wife accused me of being immature. I told her to get out of my fort.
Why don’t scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything!
I'm reading a book on anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down!
Did you hear about the claustrophobic astronaut? He just needed a little space.
Why don't skeletons fight each other? They don't have the guts.
I'm terrified of elevators, so I'm going to start taking steps to avoid them.
I told my computer I needed a break, and now it won't stop sending me Kit-Kat ads.
Why don't we ever tell secrets on a farm? Because the potatoes have eyes and the corn has ears.
I'm on a whiskey diet. I've lost three days already.
The rotation of earth really makes my day.
I'm so good at sleeping, I can do it with my eyes closed.
My boss told me to have a good day, so I went home.
You're not completely useless; you can always serve as a bad example.
I'd tell you a chemistry joke, but I know I wouldn't get a reaction.
Some people think prison is one word…but to robbers, it's a whole sentence.
I used to play piano by ear, but now I use my hands.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field!
I'm not lazy; I'm just on my energy-saving mode.
Time flies like an arrow; fruit flies like a banana.
I would tell a joke about pizza, but it's a little cheesy.
To the guy who invented zero, thanks for nothing.
I have a few jokes about unemployed people, but none of them work.
I used to be a baker, but I couldn't make enough dough.
I'm not arguing; I'm just explaining why I'm right.
Why don't programmers like nature? It has too many bugs.
I asked the librarian if the library had any books on paranoia. She whispered, 'They're right behind you...'
I'm not addicted to brake fluid. I can stop anytime.
I told my wife she should embrace her mistakes. She gave me a hug.
I'd tell you a construction joke, but I'm still working on it.
What's orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot.
Insomnia is awful. But on the plus side, only three more sleeps till Christmas.
I used to think I was indecisive. Now I'm not too sure.
Life is all about perspective. The Titanic sinking was a miracle for the lobsters in the ship's kitchen.
Why do we tell actors to 'break a leg?' Because every play has a cast.
Yesterday, I saw a guy spill all his Scrabble letters on the road. I asked him, 'What’s the word on the street?'
Hear about the new restaurant called Karma? There’s no menu; you get what you deserve.
I'm reading a book on the history of glue. I just can't seem to put it down.
Did you hear about the kidnapping at the playground? He woke up.
I'd tell you a joke about a piece of paper, but it's tearable.
\"I have a split personality\" said Tom, being Frank.
I know a lot of jokes about retired people, but none of them work.
What's the best thing about Switzerland? I don't know, but the flag is a big plus.
I told my doctor I heard buzzing, but he said it's just a bug going around.
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down!
I'd tell you a joke about the wind, but it blows.
Why was the math book sad? It had too many problems.
I'm writing a book on procrastination. I'll finish it someday.
I've just written a song about tortillas; actually, it’s more of a rap.
I have a joke about time travel, but you didn't like it.
If you see a robbery at an Apple Store, does that make you an iWitness?
I'm very pleased with my new fridge magnet. So far I've got twelve fridges.
I once got into a fight with a broken elevator. I took it to another level.
I was addicted to the hokey pokey, but then I turned myself around.
I used to be a baker because I kneaded dough.
I'm friends with 25 letters of the alphabet. I don't know Y.
I'm not a fan of stairs. They're always up to something.
I can't believe I got fired from the calendar factory. All I did was take a day off.
What did one hat say to the other? Stay here, I'm going on ahead!
I'm very good friends with 25 letters of the alphabet. I don't know Y.
I have a few jokes about unemployed people, but none of them work.
If you're not supposed to eat at night, why is there a light in the fridge?
Why don't scientists trust stairs? They're always up to something.
I told my physical therapist that I broke my arm in two places. He told me to stop going to those places.
I'm reading a book on the history of glue. I just can't seem to put it down.
Why do cows have hooves instead of feet? Because they lactose.